# Food-Hub
In this project, I focused on communicating the insights from the data. Please see the PDF presentation of the insights.
Many students and professionals choose online food delivery services for their meals due to their busy lifestyles. Food Hub is an online hub that provides food delivery services where customers can place orders from restaurants on the Food Hub platform and get the food delivered to them within New York. Customer satisfaction is important with the increasing number of restaurants and online food delivery services in New York. To improve customer experience and service, Food Hub must understand the demand for different restaurants, cuisine types, order delivery time and data relating to times of the week with the most orders on the Food Hub online platform. Therefore, data related to food orders was analysed first to understand the data structure, determine the preferred restaurants from which customers usually order their meals, and evaluate the total time taken for customers to receive their meals after placing orders to find gaps and tailored solutions for improvement. Since ratings reflect customer satisfaction, ratings were compared with cuisine type, restaurants, order delivery time, food preparation time, and order cost to determine customer satisfaction.
The relationship between the order cost, food preparation time, and delivery time is evaluated to determine their relationships to see how improvement in one can affect another. Determine which cuisine types take the most time to get prepared. The cost of orders determines the total revenue that Food Hub will make from order delivery 
charges. Determine which restaurants meet the requirements for promotional offers to support the restaurants with promotional adverts to users. Finally, the mean total delivery time on weekdays and weekends is compared to determine which is faster.
